[docs] Update code snippet in docs for custom color palette (#32946)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/customization/palette/palette.md

      // dark: will be calculated from palette.secondary.main,
      contrastText: '#ffcc00',
    },

>      // All tokens need to be provided for custom colors if this
>      // color is going to be used as a prop in the Material UI's components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     // Provide every color token (light, main, dark, and contrast text) when using
     // custom colors for props in Material UI's components
```
Small nudge for clarity on this one!
